Consider what it means to have the skills to make this device. How does it impact, collide with, and alter your relationship with consumer interfaces?
It is means a lot, I want to explain my thought in two different views. The first one is in the leadership view, if I am a dominator, I might think how to make the device better, let people buy the device more to earn more money. But if I am a designer dedicated to improving the quality of people's lives, I must try my best to innovation, explore new material to reduce the cost and make the product available to more people, besides, i will contact with others who has same skills like me, work together and create something new. As the saying goes:with the great power comes great responsibility.Have the skills means has power to lead the technology,and need to take more responsibility for human development. 


Consider how we engage with tools – how does this impact how your body extends into the tools around you? What possibilities do you see?
Going back thousands of years, our ancestors ground stones into sharp tools to hunt and drill wood for fire. They learn skills by day after days practice. I think practice is the eternal truth in the long course of human history, to explore the limits of what humans can reach. Besides, we need to be eager to explore the world, always curious about the world，just as newton discovered gravity. In human history, we explore the world and make things better, we will improve our previous products according to the development of technology, because of that human civilization has survived to this day. I always believe  good design needs to solve human problems, if I had to design, I would start with the small things around me, maybe the tiny things in our life, such as I found that it is really difficult and dirty to grab somethings with my hands covered with food particles when I am eating. I might invent a brace the fits on my pinkie finger to solve these problems. Our attention is drawn to different things every day, but if everyone focusses on the tiny things that happened around us, we could find somethings that need to be improved, this is the possibility I saw.
